Document Registry Search for Self-Managed deployments (#2965)
wandb/docs: platform/hosting/self-managed/operator.mdx

7. After validation completes, users can resume normal operations.

## ClickHouse compatibility for upgrades

Self-Managed deployments that use an external ClickHouse cluster must verify ClickHouse compatibility before upgrading W&B Server.

### Unsupported ClickHouse versions

W&B Self-Managed deployments using W&B Weave or Models OLAP features require a supported version of both ClickHouse Server and ClickHouse Keeper.

- Weave does not work with ClickHouse 26.1 or 26.2.
- The Models OLAP features described in the next section require ClickHouse 26.2+.
- Deployments using both Weave and Models OLAP features require ClickHouse 26.3.

If your W&B Self-Managed deployment uses neither Weave nor Models OLAP features, ClickHouse is not required.

### Models OLAP features

W&B Server 0.81.0+ introduces schema migrations that require ClickHouse 26.2+. These migrations run when any of the following Models OLAP features are enabled in your Helm values:

<Note>

> Registry Search in preview for Self-Managed deployments. To migrate ClickHouse automatically, install Operator Helm chart [v0.43.3+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.43.3). Afterward, W&B runs the migration job automatically. For more information or questions, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com).

Reviewer: @ibindlish Is it accurate that it's self-service (just upgrade the Helm chart) vs invite-only where support needs to take an action?

W&B Server 0.81.0+ introduces schema migrations that require ClickHouse 26.2+. These migrations run when any of the following Models OLAP features are enabled in your Helm values:

<Note>

> Registry Search isn't generally available for Self-Managed deployments. Operator v1 chart `0.43.3` introduces an opt-in ClickHouse migration Job for on-premises deployments. W&B enables the migration Job internally when required. You don't need to take action unless W&B Support provides instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registry Search in preview for Self-Managed deployments. To migrate ClickHouse automatically, install Operator Helm chart [v0.43.3+](https://github.com/wandb/helm-charts/releases/tag/operator-wandb-0.43.3). Afterward, W&B runs the migration job automatically. For more information or questions, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com).
```
